DOCSP-37494 Get started (#38)
mongodb/docs-pymongo: source/get-started.txt

.. _pymongo-get-started:

===========
Get Started
===========

.. contents:: On this page
   :local:
   :backlinks: none
   :depth: 2
   :class: singlecol

.. facet::
   :name: genre
   :values: tutorial
 
.. meta::
   :description: Learn how to create an app to connect to MongoDB deployment by using the PyMongo driver.
   :keywords: quick start, tutorial, basics

.. toctree::

   /get-started/download-and-install/
   /get-started/create-a-deployment/
   /get-started/create-a-connection-string/
   /get-started/connect-to-mongodb/
   /get-started/next-steps/

Overview
--------

This guide shows you how to create an application that uses
{+driver-short+} to connect to a MongoDB cluster hosted on MongoDB Atlas. If
you prefer to connect to MongoDB using a different driver or programming
language, see our :driver:`list of official drivers <>`.

{+driver-short+} is a library of functions that you can use to connect

> to and communicate with MongoDB.

Reviewer: Q: Is it more than too (like classes)? I honestly don't know

Author: Good point. I think it's safe to just remove "of functions" and keep it more general. Does that work?

Reviewer: How about "package"?

https://stackoverflow.com/questions/19198166/whats-the-difference-between-a-module-and-a-library-in-python

Reviewer 2: I personally like the way it is introduced in the first sentence of the [current documentation](https://pymongo.readthedocs.io/en/stable/#overview), with the caveat that 'package' is preferable to 'distribution', but I think that it is important to say Python. 

"PyMongo is a Python distribution. containing tools for working with [MongoDB](http://www.mongodb.org/), and is the recommended way to work with MongoDB from Python."

MongoDB Atlas is a fully managed cloud database service that hosts your
MongoDB deployments. You can create your own free (no credit card
required) MongoDB Atlas deployment by following the steps in this guide.

> Follow the steps in this guide to connect a sample Node.js application to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow the steps in this guide to connect a sample Python application to
```

Author: Caught in the act

> a MongoDB Atlas deployment.

Author: Reorganized and added a tip admonition
